# Generated Keymap Layout

This layout was generated by the QMK API. You can find the JSON data used to
generate this keymap in the file layers.json.

To make use of this file you will need follow the following steps:

* Download or Clone QMK Firmware: <https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/>
* Extract QMK Firmware to a location on your hard drive
* Copy this folder into %s
* You are now ready to compile or use your keymap with the source

More information can be found in the QMK docs: <https://docs.qmk.fm>

## Generate Keymap File

Instead of manually editing the `keymap.c` file (as indiciated [here](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs_building_firmware?id=customize-the-layout-to-your-liking)),
use the online configurator:

1. Either start from the default layout, or import the JSON mapping file (from `qmk-configurator` folder).
2. Perform mapping.
3. Click `Compile` on top right. This will compile the mappings and firmware.
4. Click `Keymap Only` to download a `.zip` file with the `keymap.c` and other files.
5. Extract the files to the `ulmas` folder (where this readme is).

## Build firmware

 [Base instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs_building_firmware?id=build-your-firmware)

### Manual Build

Use this manual method to enable the mouse mode. The online configurator does not enable the mouse mode.

* Navigate to root of `qmk_firmware`
* Run `make keebio/iris/rev2:ulmas`

### Build Using Online Configurator

**IMPORTANT:** _build with the online configurator does not enable the mouse mode._

In the online configurator:

1. Compile
2. Click `Download Firmware` to download the `.hex` file for flashing

## Flash firmware

The compiled binary is in the root of the `qmk_firmware` folder after the build step.`

Most of [these instructions](https://config.qmk.fm/#/test) describe manual flashing, but it can more easily be done using the QMK Toolbox instead.

### Enter bootloader mode

None of the methods to enter the bootloader mode described in the docs work. To enter the bootloader mode on the Iris hit the `RESET` keyboard key (check the mapping to find it).
